Firewall: NAT: Destination NAT: Coexist Destination NAT and Port Forward terminology (#830)
opnsense/docs: source/manual/how-tos/nat_reflection.rst

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Go to :menuselection:`Firewall --> Settings --> Advanced`

>     Disable *Reflection for Destination NAT (Port Forward)s*, *Reflection for 1:1* and *Automatic outbound NAT for Reflection*

Author: ```suggestion
    Disable *Reflection for Destination NAT (Port Forwards)*, *Reflection for 1:1* and *Automatic outbound NAT for Reflection*
```

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Go to :menuselection:`Firewall --> Settings --> Advanced`
    Enable *Reflection for Destination NAT (Port Forward)s* to create automatic rules for all entries :menuselection:`Firewall --> NAT --> Destination NAT (Port Forward)` that have ``WAN`` as interface.

.. _nat-method2-portforward:

Go to :menuselection:`Firewall --> NAT --> Destination NAT (Port Forward)`
    Create the NAT rule as in :ref:`Method 1 - Destination NAT (Port Forward) <nat-method1-portforward>` but change the following things:

>     * Make sure that your *Destination NAT (Port Forward)ing* rule specifies only ``WAN`` as interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Make sure that your *Destination NAT (Port Forwarding)* rule specifies only ``WAN`` as interface.
```
